Add lines builtin documentation (#68)
amber-lang/amber-docs: docs/0.4.0-alpha/advanced_syntax/builtins.md

echo "Hello World!"
```

## Lines

This builtin reads one line at a time from a text file.  It can be used in place of an array in an iterative `for` loop (with or without an index).  This is efficient because each line is read into memory, and processed before the next line is read:

```ab
for line in lines("foo.txt") {
    echo line
}

for index, line in lines("bar.txt") {
    echo "#{index} {line}"
}
```

Alternatively, it can be used as the right hand side of an array assignment.  This is inefficient because the entire file is read into memory in one go:

```ab
let lines = lines("foo.txt")
lines += lines("bar.txt")
echo len(lines)
```

> N.B. While embedded Bash commands like `$ cat foo.txt $` require a `trust` keyword or `failed` block, Amber does not currently support this for the `lines` builtin.  If the file does not exist at runtime, you will just get a Bash error.

Reviewer: Let's make it a warning quote:

```suggestion
> WARNING: While embedded Bash commands like `$ cat foo.txt $` require a `trust` keyword or `failed` block, Amber does not currently support this for the `lines` builtin.  If the file does not exist at runtime, you will just get a Bash error.
```

echo "Hello World!"
```

## Len

> 
> Transpile to `echo "${#TEXT}"` for a `Text` parameter:
> 
> ```ab
> echo len("Jackdaws love my big sphinx of quartz")
> ```
> 
> Transpile to `echo "${#ARRAY[@]}"` for an `Array` parameter:
> 
> ```ab
> echo len(["one", "two", "three", "four", "five"])
> ```

Reviewer: Let's give the developer more context:

```suggestion

This keyword calculates and returns the length of a given `Text` value, measured in ASCII characters, or the length of an array `[]`. The result is returned as a `Num` type.

For a `Text` parameter, the expression is transpiled internally to the Bash command echo "${#TEXT}". For an `Array` (`[]`) parameter, it is transpiled to echo "${#ARRAY[@]}".

```ab
echo len("Jackdaws love my big sphinx of quartz")
// Returns 37

echo len(["one", "two", "three", "four", "five"])
// Returns 5
```

Reviewer: @hdwalters I thought that we could also add information of what does this built-in do and what type of value does it return

echo "Hello World!"
```

## Len

For a `Text` value, this builtin calculates and returns the length (in ASCII characters) as a `Num` type.  It is transpiled to `${#TEXT}`:

```ab
// Returns 37
echo len("Jackdaws love my big sphinx of quartz")
```

For an `Array` `[]` value, it calculates and returns the length of the array as a `Num` type.  It is transpiled to `${#ARRAY[@]}`:

```ab
// Returns 5
echo len(["one", "two", "three", "four", "five"])
```

## Lines

This builtin reads one line at a time from a text file.  It can be used in place of an array in an iterative `for` loop (with or without an index).  This is efficient because each line is read into memory, and processed before the next line is read:

```ab
for line in lines("foo.txt") {
    echo line
}

for index, line in lines("bar.txt") {
    echo "#{index} {line}"
}
```

Alternatively, it can be used as the right hand side of an array assignment.  This is inefficient because the entire file is read into memory in one go:

```ab
let lines = lines("foo.txt")
lines += lines("bar.txt")
echo len(lines)
```

> > WARNING: While embedded Bash commands like `$ cat foo.txt $` require a `trust` keyword or `failed` block, Amber does not currently support this for the `lines` builtin.  If the file does not exist at runtime, you will just get a Bash error.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> WARNING: While embedded Bash commands like `$ cat foo.txt $` require a `trust` keyword or `failed` block, Amber does not currently support this for the `lines` builtin. If the file does not exist at runtime, the program will terminate midway, **potentially losing data stored only in variables**
```

that shit is important
